Add documentation for running without Internet access (#389)
nf-core/raredisease: docs/usage.md

Contrary to the paragraph about [Nextflow](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/offline#nextflow) on the page linked above, it is not possible to use the "-all" packaged version of Nextflow for this pipeline. The online version of Nextflow is necessary to support the necessary nextflow plugins. Download instead the file called just `nextflow`. Nextflow will download its dependencies when it is run. Additionally, you need to download the nf-validation plugin explicitly:

```
./nextflow plugin install nf-validation
```

Now you can transfer the `nextflow` binary as well as its directory `$HOME/.nextflow` to the system without Internet access, and use it there. It is necessary to use an explicit version of `nf-validation` offline, or Nextflow will check for the most recent version online. Find the version of nf-validation you downloaded in `$HOME/.nextflow/plugins`, then specify this version for `nf-validation` in your configuration file:

```
plugins {
        // Set the plugin version explicitly, otherwise nextflow will look for the newest version online.
        id 'nf-validation@0.3.1'
}
```

> This should go in your Nextflow confgiguration file, specified with `-c <YOURCONFIG>` when running the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This should go in your Nextflow confgiguration file, specified with `-c <YOURCONFIG>` when running the pipeline.
```

Reviewer 2: The word configuration is still misspelled.

```bash
NXF_OPTS='-Xms1g -Xmx4g'
```

### Running the pipeline without Internet access

The pipeline and container images can be downloaded using [nf-core tools](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/offline).
Here is an example command to download pipeline version 1.1.0 with singularity images:

```

> nf-core download \

Reviewer 2: When I run that command with the latest version of `nf-core` (v2.9), I get:
```
 No such option: --container (Possible options: --container-cache-index, --container-library,     │
│ --container-system)
```

Author: Sorry about that. Seems they have changed the CLI since I downloaded nf-core tools

Reviewer 3: I would just refer to the general docs on the website

Author: Ok, makes sense. I will remove the example.

    --container singularity \
    --compress none \
    --revision 1.1.0 \
    raredisease
```
For running offline, you of course have to make all the reference data available locally, and specify `--fasta`, etc., see [above](#reference-files-and-parameters).

> Contrary to the paragraph about Nextflow on the nf-core tools page, it is not possible to use the "-all" packaged version of Nextflow. The online version of nextflow is necessary to support the nextflow plugins used for this pipeline. Download instead the file called just `nextflow`. Nextflow will download its dependencies when it is run. Additionally, you need to download the nf-validation plugin explicitly:

Reviewer 2: Not sure which homepage and packages you are referring to there. Perhaps you mean https://nf-co.re/tools  ?

I didn't find any "paragraph about Nextflow" on https://nf-co.re/tools

Author: I've added another link, hope it makes sense like that

```
./nextflow plugin install nf-validation
```

Now you can transfer the `nextflow` binary as well as its directory `$HOME/.nextflow` to the system without Internet access, and use it there. It is necessary to use an explicit version of `nf-validation` offline, or Nextflow will check for the most recent version online. Find the version of nf-validation you downloaded in `$HOME/.nextflow/plugins`, then specify this version for `nf-validation` in your configuration file:

```
plugins {
        // Set the plugin version explicitly, otherwise nextflow will look for the newest version online.
        id 'nf-validation@0.3.1'
}
```

> This should go in your Nexflow confgiguration file, specified with `-c <YOURCONFIG>` when running the pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This should go in your Nextflow configuration file, specified with `-c <YOURCONFIG>` when running the pipeline.
```
